Water/docs/tutorial.rst, before:

Code Examples and Tutorials
============================

.. _pipe-example:

Pipe Class Examples
--------------------
The *Water.Pipe* class allows you to create a pipe object to apply flow calculations. It is useful to
start at a pump and create your pipe objects based on pipe size and/or material. You can add fittings
to each pipe object and calculate the major and minor losses through the pipe based on flow.


**Example #1:** Calculating the losses from a pump's discharge through a pipe network consisting of the following fittings:
    - 90 degree elbow, quantity 2
    - through-tee, quantity 1
    - branch-tee, quantity 1
    - gate valve, quantity 1

    The pipe is 4-inch schedule 40 steel pipe and 60 ft long.

.. code-block:: python  
   :linenos:

   from Water import Pipe
   
    # assign the flow you want to analyze in gallons per minute
    flow = 300       # gpm

    # create the pipe object
    pipe_1 = Pipe(length=60, size=4, kind='STEEL', sch=40)

    # add fittings to the pipe object 
    pipe_1.fitting(fitting_type='elbow_90', con_type='standard_threaded', qty=2)
    pipe_1.fitting('tee_through', 'standard_threaded', qty=1)
    pipe_1.fitting('tee_branch', 'standard_threaded', qty=1)
    pipe_1.fitting('valve', 'gate', qty=1) 

    # apply the get_losses function to compute head loss 
    losses = pipe_1.get_losses(flow)

    print('head loss at {} gpm = {:.2f} ft'.format(flow, losses))

>>> output: head loss at 300 gpm = 5.60 ft

You can get a list of fittings in the pipe object by using the *Pipe.fitting_info()* method.  

>>> print(pipe_1.fitting_info())  
       Fittings list: 
        elbow_90, standard_threaded: Kvalue = 0.899, qty = 2 
        tee_through, standard_threaded: Kvalue = 0.225, qty = 1 
        tee_branch, standard_threaded: Kvalue = 1.124, qty = 1 
        valve, gate: Kvalue = 0.275, qty = 1 

**Example #2:** Building from example #1, this is an example of finding the Total Dynamic Head for a pipe network consisting 
of a pump, pipe and fittings, and a tank at an elevated location.

.. Image:: pipe_ex2.png

.. code-block::  python  

    from Water import Pipe
   
    # assign the flow you want to analyze in gallons per minute
    flow = 300       # gpm
    L = 100          # ft

    # create the 2 pipe segments in the pipe network
    pipe_1 = Pipe(length=60, size=4, kind='STEEL', sch=40)
    pipe_2 = Pipe(length=20, size=2, kind='STEEL', sch=40)

    # add fittings to the pipe segments 
    pipe_1.fitting(fitting_type='elbow_90', con_type='standard_threaded', qty=2)
    pipe_1.fitting('tee_through', 'standard_threaded', qty=1)
    pipe_1.fitting('tee_branch', 'standard_threaded', qty=1)
    pipe_1.fitting('valve', 'gate', qty=1)

    pipe_2.fitting('elbow_90', 'standard_threaded', qty=2)

    # apply the get_losses function to compute major and minor losses 
    losses = pipe_1.get_losses(flow) + pipe_2.get_losses(flow)

    TDH = L + losses 

    print('Size Pump for {} gpm at {:.0f} feet of Head'.format(flow, TDH))

>>> output: Size Pump for 300 gpm at 153 feet of Head

-------------------------------------------------------

.. _pump_example:

Pump Class Examples  
--------------------  
The *Water.Pump* class allows you to create a pump class to help in sizing a pump. 
The Water package has includes a database of pumps that you can add to.
Once pump data is loaded into the pump object you can plot it's pump curve.

**Example #1** Load existing pump data into the a pump object and plot it's curve.

.. code-block:: python
   :linenos:

   from Water import Pump

   # design parameters
    FLOW = 100    # gpm
    TDH = 111            # ft head

    # define pump object and load pump data
    pump_1 = Pump()
    pump_1.load_pump('Goulds', '3657 1.5x2 -6: 3SS')

    # plot curve without affinitized curves and with efficiency curve
    pump_1.plot_curve(target_flow=FLOW, tdh=TDH, vfd=False, eff=True, show=True)

.. image:: pump_ex1.png

**Example #2** Load new pump data into database, create a system curve and plot affinitized pump curve with the system curve.

..  code-block::  python
    :linenos:

    import numpy as np
    from Water import Pump

    # create a pump object
    pump_2 = Pump()

    # define new pump parameters as a dictionary
    new_pump_data = {
            'model' : 'BF 1-1/2 x 2 - 10',
            'mfg' : 'Goulds',
            'flow' : [0, 50, 100, 150, 200, 250],
            'head' : [400, 400, 390, 372, 340, 270],
            'eff' : [0, 0, 0.49, 0.56, 0.60, 0.54],
            'bep' : [200, 340],
            'rpm' : 3500,
            'impeller' : 9.1875
            }
    # add pump to database, this will load the parameters into the object variables as well
    pump_2.add_pump(**new_pump_data)

    # create system curve
    system_flow = np.linspace(1, 220, 20)
    
    system_head = []
    for flow in system_flow:
        system_head.append(220 + 20*np.exp(-1/(flow*.005)))

    # plot curve with system curve 
    pump_2.plot_curve(system_flow, system_head, show=True)

.. image:: pump_ex2.png

Commit message:

documented more, worked on style and also added pump class plot curve functionality. I added the **kwargs so that matplotlib arguments to customize the curve

Water/docs/tutorial.rst, after:

Code Examples and Tutorials
============================

.. _pipe-example:

Pipe Class Examples
--------------------
The *Water.Pipe* class allows you to create a pipe object to apply flow calculations. It is useful to
start at a pump and create your pipe objects based on pipe size and/or material. You can add fittings
to each pipe object and calculate the major and minor losses through the pipe based on flow.


**Example #1:** Calculating the losses from a pump's discharge through a pipe network consisting of the following fittings:
    - 90 degree elbow, quantity 2
    - through-tee, quantity 1
    - branch-tee, quantity 1
    - gate valve, quantity 1

    The pipe is 4-inch schedule 40 steel pipe and 60 ft long.

.. code-block:: python  
   :linenos:

   from Water import Pipe
   
    # assign the flow you want to analyze in gallons per minute
    flow = 300       # gpm

    # create the pipe object
    pipe_1 = Pipe(length=60, size=4, kind='STEEL', sch=40)

    # add fittings to the pipe object 
    pipe_1.fitting(fitting_type='elbow_90', con_type='standard_threaded', qty=2)
    pipe_1.fitting('tee_through', 'standard_threaded', qty=1)
    pipe_1.fitting('tee_branch', 'standard_threaded', qty=1)
    pipe_1.fitting('valve', 'gate', qty=1) 

    # apply the get_losses function to compute head loss 
    losses = pipe_1.get_losses(flow)

    print('head loss at {} gpm = {:.2f} ft'.format(flow, losses))

>>> output: head loss at 300 gpm = 5.60 ft

You can get a list of fittings in the pipe object by using the *Pipe.fitting_info()* method.  

>>> print(pipe_1.fitting_info())  
       Fittings list: 
        elbow_90, standard_threaded: Kvalue = 0.899, qty = 2 
        tee_through, standard_threaded: Kvalue = 0.225, qty = 1 
        tee_branch, standard_threaded: Kvalue = 1.124, qty = 1 
        valve, gate: Kvalue = 0.275, qty = 1 

**Example #2:** Building from example #1, this is an example of finding the Total Dynamic Head for a pipe network consisting 
of a pump, pipe and fittings, and a tank at an elevated location.

.. Image:: pipe_ex2.png

.. code-block::  python  

    from Water import Pipe
   
    # assign the flow you want to analyze in gallons per minute
    flow = 300       # gpm
    L = 100          # ft

    # create the 2 pipe segments in the pipe network
    pipe_1 = Pipe(length=60, size=4, kind='STEEL', sch=40)
    pipe_2 = Pipe(length=20, size=2, kind='STEEL', sch=40)

    # add fittings to the pipe segments 
    pipe_1.fitting(fitting_type='elbow_90', con_type='standard_threaded', qty=2)
    pipe_1.fitting('tee_through', 'standard_threaded', qty=1)
    pipe_1.fitting('tee_branch', 'standard_threaded', qty=1)
    pipe_1.fitting('valve', 'gate', qty=1)

    pipe_2.fitting('elbow_90', 'standard_threaded', qty=2)

    # apply the get_losses function to compute major and minor losses 
    losses = pipe_1.get_losses(flow) + pipe_2.get_losses(flow)

    TDH = L + losses 

    print('Size Pump for {} gpm at {:.0f} feet of Head'.format(flow, TDH))

>>> output: Size Pump for 300 gpm at 153 feet of Head

-------------------------------------------------------

.. _pump-example:

Pump Class Examples  
--------------------  
The *Water.Pump* class allows you to create a pump class to help in sizing a pump. 
The Water package has includes a database of pumps that you can add to.
Once pump data is loaded into the pump object you can plot it's pump curve.

**Example #1** Load existing pump data into the a pump object and plot it's curve.

.. code-block:: python
   :linenos:

   from Water import Pump

   # design parameters
    FLOW = 100    # gpm
    TDH = 111            # ft head

    # define pump object and load pump data
    pump_1 = Pump()
    pump_1.load_pump('Goulds', '3657 1.5x2 -6: 3SS')

    # plot curve without affinitized curves and with efficiency curve
    pump_1.plot_curve(target_flow=FLOW, tdh=TDH, vfd=False, eff=True, show=True)

.. image:: pump_ex1.png

**Example #2** Load new pump data into database, create a system curve and plot affinitized pump curve with the system curve.

..  code-block::  python
    :linenos:

    import numpy as np
    from Water import Pump

    # create a pump object
    pump_2 = Pump()

    # define new pump parameters as a dictionary
    new_pump_data = {
            'model' : 'BF 1-1/2 x 2 - 10',
            'mfg' : 'Goulds',
            'flow' : [0, 50, 100, 150, 200, 250],
            'head' : [400, 400, 390, 372, 340, 270],
            'eff' : [0, 0, 0.49, 0.56, 0.60, 0.54],
            'bep' : [200, 340],
            'rpm' : 3500,
            'impeller' : 9.1875
            }
    # add pump to database, this will load the parameters into the object variables as well
    pump_2.add_pump(**new_pump_data)

    # create system curve
    system_flow = np.linspace(1, 220, 20)
    
    system_head = []
    for flow in system_flow:
        system_head.append(220 + 20*np.exp(-1/(flow*.005)))

    # plot curve with system curve 
    pump_2.plot_curve(system_flow, system_head, show=True)

.. image:: pump_ex2.png

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

.. _tank-example:

Tank Class Examples 
--------------------  

Some examples of using the Tank class

.. _genset-example:

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Genset Class Examples
----------------------

Some examples of using the Genset Class  

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Bringing it All Together
-------------------------

Sizing a pump using the Pipe Class and Pump Class in a Jupyter Notebook

See :doc:`Detailed Pump Sizing <ipynb_pumpsize>`
